5 million God
That's expensive.
No, I didn't do it, I didn't do it, Manager Xu
That's him!
5 million me how you pay
In the end, you still have to rely on Linglong to help you
After all, he is a soft rice eater
Let's see what he has to say.
I broke 5 million right?
Ah no no no
This wine is not worth a cent
This wine has been around for a long time
It's inconvenient for us to pack up.
I didn't like him for a long time
He can make you break.
Was it his ambush?
Somebody help me!
What's wrong with the manager?
Go to the main headquarters and ask for another 5 draws, no
12 flat
It's packed.
Bring it to Mr. Ye
When Mr. Ye has a good meal, he will bring it back to you.
No, I was just in a bad mood.
Manager Qiu is not mistaken, right?
This is 5 million wine
This is just the price on the market.
You can't even buy it with money.
I know you must be looking at my face
You don't have to worry about this.
He has nothing to do with me.
How should you deal with it?
May I ask your face, what face do you have?
Who? Do I know you?